# Signing Up for the SC2 Goodgame League #
1. You must have a Goodgame account.
2. You must provide your email and phone number.
3. You must be a polite and nice person. Everyone gets excited, but any nasty
banter (in-game or in-person) will get you removed from the league.
4. Put your name (first and last), goodgame account name, email, and phone
number on the league list.
5. The league list will be updated on a regular basis.

## Application Form ##
- Real Name: (First & Last)
- Nickname: (Character Name/Internet Name)
- Goodgame Account: (Your goodgame account name)
- Email Address: (Blah!)
- Phone Number: (Gwar!)

## Sample Application Form ##
- Real Name: Eric Fong
- Nickname: Ignis
- Goodgame Account: goodgame
- Email Address: nowhere@noserver.none
- Phone Number: 123-456-7890

# Goodgame SC2 League Rules & Regulations #
> REMEMBER: IGNORANCE IS NOT A VALID DEFENSE. The rules are still valid, even
> if you didn't know about them. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED! Violation of these rules
> will probably not penalize you much, but our league record may not reflect
> "your" record if you don't follow some of these rules.

# League Structure #
The GGL will be in a "Grand Prix" style. Every week, all league activity will
be tallied up, and everyone will be given a certain number of points based on
their rank within everyone in the league. Your explicit point value will vary
based on how many people are in the league at any time, but let's put it this
way: if you're in first, you'll be getting a lot of points! You will need to
play a minimum number of games to gain league points for the week, so don't
think you can just get on top and stay there without playing any more games!

League matches aren't the only way to get your points; they're just the most
convenient and regular way. There will be league events that you can attend,
like league tournaments and showmatches, that will increase your league points
much faster than standard league play.

### Standard League Game ###

### Showmatch League Match ###

### League Tournament ###

# Goodgame SC2 League Rules & Regulations #
> REMEMBER: IGNORANCE IS NOT A VALID DEFENSE. The rules are still valid, even
> if you didn't know about them. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED! Violation of these rules
> will probably not penalize you much, but our league record may not reflect
> "your" record if you don't follow some of these rules.

# Goodgame SC2 League Season 1 Information #

## Map Pool ##
- Shakuras Plateau
- Metalopolis
- The Shattered Temple
- Tal'Darim Altar LE
- Typhon Peaks
- Backwater Gulch
- GSL Crevase
- GSL Xel'Naga Fortress
- GSL Dual Sight
- Xel'Naga Caverns

## Schedule ##
